- We decided it would be best for users on the website for the first time to be able to view all the important information of a listing immediately. For this reason, we decided to create a clickable card for each listing as it would provide greater visual appeal to the user as well as provide important information for each listing such as the thumbnail, title, rating, number of total reviews, average rating and the price per night. To accomodate for mobile users, we have made the landing page responsive such that the layout of the card contents is maintained across all screen sizes that way the information of a card is not squished when for different screen sizes. However, for other displays of information, we decided to use tables to structure information in a way that it is easy for users to read as we believed the information itself is of more importance that the need to gain the attraction of the user through an otherwise more visuall appealing design. These tables can be seen when hosts are viewing their hosted listings and when users are viewing their bookings for a particular listing. For our login and register forms we decided to use bigger and wider input fields but decided it would be better to use smaller input fields for forms requiring more fields as then the user is able to seamlessly fill out the form without needing to scroll down to input the next field by fitting most of the content on the screen size visible to the user. In terms of alignment, we centered all our modals to ensure consistency across all our pages that way users are not distracted by its structure every time a user opens a modal. For all pages, we used padding where necessary to ensure there is room and space between components to ensure fields can be differeniated. We also made extensive use of dividers to distinguish the semantics of a page. We tried using all the fonts supplised by typography and their library of variants to ensure more consistent font sizing and used different button backgrounds for buttons that were seen to be less important. For example, in our create listing form, we decided to make our buttons for adding beds and bedrooms a clear button and our submit button for the from coloured in blue, this way there is a distinction between the two buttons and their purposes.